hi this is my review of no and me by
Delphine dippy gun this book was
officially published as an adult book in
French and then in the UK they published
it both as a young adult and an adult
novel and this is the young adult cover
this is the story of Lu who is I think
13 or 14 and she's really really smart
and because of that she's skipped a
couple of grades and it's a lot younger
than everyone else in her class when
she's asked to do a school project she
decides to talk about an 18 year old
homeless girl called no she goes up to
this girl who is usually kind of hanging
around a station that Lu goes to
sometimes and asks her if she can talk
to her and find out more about her and
so they meet up every week and they
built this kind of release special
relationship sometimes no shows up
sometimes she doesn't
sometimes she orders three glasses of
vodka there's a very kind of unlikely
bond that they form together
meanwhile Lou's home situation is quite
bad her younger sister died when she was
only a baby and ever since then her
mother just hasn't really been there
mentally she still does the cooking and
she still talks to Lou and asks her
these questions but there was kind of
the same rehearsed questions until Lou
it feels like she's no longer really
there and then one day Lou decides to
ask if no could possibly move in with
them and if her parents can kind of take
care of her one of the first things I
noticed is that how much the character
of Lou reminded me of Mila from picture
me gone by Microsoft was also this 13
ish year-old girl who's just very
observant living into her own bubble and
like people can't really get through to
her and the vibe of this book is very
much of this girl living in isolation
but then slowly letting people into this
bubble and obviously because it's
written from the point of view of this
young girl while she's having these
discussions while she's talking to know
and finding out more about her you can
get a feel that no is leaving out bits
of information that would be like too
hard for Lou to process there's this
constant fear in this book that
something is gonna go wrong with no
because living on the streets is
dangerous and you always feel like one
day she's not going to show up or
something will have happened to her I
mean she eventually moves into the house
with Lou and her family and she finds a
job you're gonna have constantly waiting
for something to go wrong thinking about
how this book has been published as an
adult novel any ole adult novel I feel
like it definitely fits more to the
young adult category and one of the main
reasons is
the idea of the absent parents a lot of
young adult novels have that as a main
theme and if you read a bunch of them in
a row you really start noticing it I
think it's such a good thing to read
more translated fiction so this was
translated from French and it's set in
Paris but not the kind of romantic idea
of Paris that people have when they go
there on a trip it's you know the people
that actually live there look how much
you can let me know if you've read
knowing me and what you thought of it
and I'll talk to you guys later
he'll let me cool